Instantly, what are you doing?
Who can you show to me for being such a humble person? Don’t think I don’t know.
Those two Kiriko have been removed by you long ago.
I just do it for your grandpa's sake,
I can't bear to make your face look like Wu Lao Liu Mei.
I promise, you will be obedient and let Qian Qiu separate Xu and Zhu Jiao.
In this way, who understands.
Xu and Zhu I have already returned the Qianqiu, but it is impossible for it to be given to you.
We understand, this is not about you, what do you want to do?
Of course, I show you one hand and ask you to send it over,
if he doesn't give it
Just give it to him
If his heart is really the same
Then you can only fight hard
You've gone crazy looking at yourself transformed into a human being, Chen Xue
Just be obedient
Thousands of heroes hand over the election to live in doubt
Be nice to everyone, don’t save me, Chen Xue
You've been dead a long time ago, right?
Thousands of people will die
No, not dead either
Tianjun told me
No, still alive
When did this happen?
Still talking about these
It would be better if you blow your Duxianzi and bite him.
Good mother, it's not your turn to do things, boy?
I will do it today
Thank you a little
Give that goat girl a circle